Update methods documentation to match new sample (#12763)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/methods.md

- By passing a comma-separated list of individual arguments of the appropriate type to the method.
- By not providing an argument to the parameter array.

> The following example defines a method named `GetVowels` that returns all the vowels from a parameter array. The `Main` method illustrates all three ways of invoking the method. Note that the method tagged with the `params` keyword must be prepared to handle the case in which no argument is supplied for the parameter array, so that its value is `null`.

Reviewer: I'd phrase the last part a bit differently:

```suggestion
The following example defines a method named `GetVowels` that returns all the vowels from a parameter array. The `Main` method illustrates all three ways of invoking the method. Callers are not required to supply any arguments for parameters that include the `params` modifier. In that case, the parameter is `null`.
```

> [!code-csharp[csSnippets.Methods#75](../../samples/snippets/csharp/concepts/methods/params75.cs#75)]

Reviewer: Ugh. 🤦‍♂ I missed a snippet tag error in the samples PR.

The last line of `params75.cs` should be `// </Snippet75>` instead of `// <Snippet75>`.  (Note the addition of the `/` at the beginning of the tag.  Once that's fixed, and we agree on the language for the null argument, this is ready. Also, for style, we prefer the following for including snippets from the samples repo:

```suggestion
[!code-csharp[csSnippets.Methods#75](~/samples/snippets/csharp/concepts/methods/params75.cs#75)]
```
